When I was 18, my family moved to a new city.
It was bad enough leaving my friends behind, but now I wasn't sure if I could make new
ones.
My parents seemed really happy.
I didn't want to make them feel bad by telling them how I really felt.
The new school wasn't much better until I met Cameron.
He seemed like a pretty cool guy.
Soon, his friends became my friends.
He actually proved it by the association that he closest friendships recorded in the
scriptures.
Kill, you were texting in the meeting.
I shouldn't have sent the text.
I'm sorry.
But Cameron is a good person.
He might even study one day.
I understand that I kill.
But we all have to be careful with how much time we spend with people that don't love
Jehovah.
See, their values are just different.
You know what prowess 13, 20 says?
Walk with those who are wise.
So why don't you seek out friends who love Jehovah?
And you will make friends that last a lifetime.
How am I supposed to do that?
There's no one my age in the congregation.
I kill good friends can come from unexpected places.
Mom, I had good friends.
Back home.
We all felt bad that night.
The next day, Cameron posted pictures of a party he had.
My parents were right.
I broke off my association with Cameron and his friends.
But I still felt lost.
Hi.
Akeel, do you have field service plans for Saturday?
Ah, no.
Good.
Now you do.
I'll see you at the 930 meeting.
OK?
After service, Max had the group over for refreshments.
Did you take these?
Do you like them?
Yeah.
My wife, she was always the photographer.
She loved photography.
And then one anniversary, she went out and bought me a camera.
And from that moment on, I was hooked too.
Even fly so quickly, it's hard to believe she passed away 12 years ago now.
I'm sorry.
It's OK.
But you still take pictures?
I do.
I really enjoy photography.
There's something about being close to Jehovah's creation.
It reminds me that we're never really alone.
You know?
Good friends can come from unexpected places and unexpected ages.
As I spent more time with Max, I realized it was just like David and Jonathan.
Their friendship was based not on age, but on their love for Jehovah.
And they helped each other.
And with Max's help, I was able to keep a good spiritual routine without interruption.
Although we weren't the same age, Max became my good friend.
I just needed to see what was right in front of me.